Now the additional changes that I want to add to the admin panel currently the changes that I want to add based on the testing that I have done first fall in the calendar view of the task force when I try to manually create an appointment for a patient. I am promoted with the options reason for website. I am not promoted with adding the name to the patient. I want to replace. the reason with the city of the patient like the address, basically, I just want the setting of the address and What I want to for that test is that if I click on the appointment, do I get an option to at the remarks? Do I get an option to upload the prescription for the more every time the doctor upload the prescription in the prescription like basically the patient document. He is always promoted with an option to send the send the prescription to the customers WhatsApp and before sending his prominted if he wants to update the number if you want to make sure that is the number which is in a database basically the customer has a different number for the WhatsApp and a different number that given to the Can change that? And secondly when I creative patient manually in the patient you after dashboard. I should be same I should be offer to at the prescriptions. This is necessary and again prompted with the message to WhatsApp to prescription to the patient now for the schedule section what I want to make update to mostly is that how we are setting the schedule I want to schedule to be set to the calendar and supposedly if the client is going away for 2 days of the week the can just simply update. Their Google calendar for 2 days event so that the back and the app close that he will not be available for those to these do not book the appointment for the more of already and appointment has been book for a day supposedly Sunday and he suddenly decides not work on Sunday he can I have an option on the dashboard to send the patient who have already book the appointment a message to receive schedule their appointments for this schedule by the doctor. these are the chanegs i want to work on now do a deep research about how to add all of this to our code use the latest technologies and do all of this to our code we are gonna use the same approach where you go thorugh the file i have attached and tell me what changes to make in what part of the code and add new parts of code accordingly